# 论文入库基本信息

---
<center>1</center>

---

标题：How to gain a competitive edge in grant writing

作者：Orit Rapaport, Justin Crest & Crystal Botham

机构： 无

期刊：Nature

发表时间：2022

方向：基金写作

引用：*https://doi.org/10.1038/d41586-022-02958-4*

---

<center>2</center>


---
标题：Learning Reasoning Strategies in End-to-End Differentiable Proving

作者：P Minervini, S Riedel, P Stenetorp

机构： University of Southern California

期刊：ICML 2020

发表时间：2020

方向：基于逻辑符号的知识推理

引用：Minervini P, Riedel S, Stenetorp P, et al. Learning reasoning strategies in end-to-end differentiable proving[C]//International Conference on Machine Learning. PMLR, 2020: 6938-6949.
---

<center>3</center>


---
标题：BERT: Pre-training of Deep Bidirectional Transformers for Language Understanding

作者：Jacob Devlin, Ming-Wei Chang, Kenton Lee, Kristina Toutanova

机构： Google AI Language

期刊：

发表时间：2018年11月

方向：Computation and Language 、Bert

引用：Devlin J ,  Chang M W ,  Lee K , et al. BERT: Pre-training of Deep Bidirectional Transformers for Language Understanding[J].  2018.
---

<center>3</center>

---

标题：Edited Media Understanding Frames: Reasoning About the Intents and Implications of Visual Disinformation

作者：Jeff Da, Maxwell Forbes, Rowan Zellers, Anthony Zheng, Jena D. Hwang, Antoine Bosselut, Yejin Choi

机构： 无

期刊：ACL 2021

发表时间：2021

方向：虚假信息检测

引用：Da J ,  Forbes M ,  Zellers R , et al. Edited Media Understanding Frames: Reasoning About the Intent and Implications of Visual Misinformation[C]// Proceedings of the 59th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics and the 11th International Joint Conference on Natural Language Processing (Volume 1: Long Papers). 2021.
